Update README.md (#34)
Azure-Samples/azure-django-postgres-aca: lab/README.md

## Get Started
### Create your own repo from this template

> Open the [Azure-Samples/azure-django-postgres-aca](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-django-postgres-aca) repository, click the **Use this Template** button at the top right hand corner, and select **Create a new repository**.

Author: I think learn docs use bold for UI text, so I tried to use that formatting consistently. I dont mind quotes myself so I can revert if you prefer. Bold is nice for skimmers though.

Once you have created the repo, launch the repo in GitHub Codespaces or clone it to your local machine:

### [Option 1]: Launch in GitHub Codespaces

You can use [GitHub Codespaces](http://aka.ms/codespaces) to launch your repo in a browser-based VS Code environment. This is a great way to get started with no local setup required. GitHub users recieve 60 free hours of Codespaces per month.

Select the green **Code** button in the top right section of the repo page on GitHub and select **Open with Codespaces**. If you haven't created a Codespace before, you will be prompted to create one. Once created, you will be taken to your Codespace environment.

![Create a Codespace](../assets/create%20a%20codespace.png)

You can choose to work inside your browser or open that Codespace using your local Visual Studio Code.

### [Option 2]: Clone to your local machine and open as a Dev Container

1. Open **your repo** that you have created from Azure-Samples/azure-django-postgres-aca, click Code at the top right, and on the Local tab, copy the clone command for `HTTPS`, `SSH`, or `GitHub CLI` as appropriate.
2. Run the clone command on your local machine to clone the repo locally. 

> 3. Open the repo inside VS Code with the [Dev Containers extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers). ⚠️ Unfortunately, If you're on an Apple M1/M2, it's not currently possible to open this project in a Dev Container. Use GitHub Codespaces or a virtual environment instead.

Author: M1 note

Reviewer: Yeah we were working to see if we could resolve the M1 issue. I am not sure that virtual environment would work since the postgreSQL db. I would perhaps just suggest to use Codespaces instead.

```suggestion
3. Open the repo inside VS Code with the [Dev Containers extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers). ⚠️ Unfortunately, If you're on an Apple M1/M2, it's not currently possible to open this project in a Dev Container. Please use GitHub Codespaces to ensure that you have all the necessary dependencies and configurations.
```

Author: True yeah it only worked for me as I also have Postgres local running. Will use your wording.
